charming but only one of us is getting
out of this cell one of the most
anticipated titles of the year is batman
arkham knight we know scarecrow penguin
Harlequin the Riddler poison ivy and
two-faced will be there but what other
bad guys can we expect here are five
villains we want to see in batman arkham
knight
I knew you would find me it wasn't hard
you left me a map who are you and what
do you want in batman arkham city a
mysterious character named Azrael left
cryptic messages behind as he watched
Batman's every move I bring a message
dark days are coming Batman the prophecy
is coming true he said Gotham will burn
and Batman will burn with it and he
mentioned that he will meet Batman again
seems like batman arkham knight would be
the perfect moment for Israel to make a
comeback I don't believe in fairy tales
believe what you will the message has
been delivered we will meet again your
scientist difference I smell death on
you we saw Killer Croc in Arkham City
and he had an even bigger role in
origins now it's time to finally kill
that gigantic mutant for real I want
answers we know it's not new or original
but we just couldn't leave him out he's
such a unique enemy
New Year's Day should auld acquaintance
be forgot and all that people who play
batman arkham city a lot might have
encountered the calendar man on certain
holidays during the year players could
visit his prison cell to unlock an
achievement Ebenezer Scrooge was a saint
compared to old judge Harkness remember
him batman gotham's hanging judge they
called him he's calculated
calendar-based murders would make a nice
addition to the Arkham Knight villain
lineup I call that murder my Christmas
special figured you'd be by sooner or
later at the end of Batman Arkham
origins a captured Deathstroke was
approached to join the new Suicide Squad
a reappearance of Deathstroke and
perhaps even the entire Suicide Squad
could open up possibilities for a sequel
it appears the game is over before it
even begins I'm not playing games Slade
besides Deathstroke is a mercenary and
if he's hired to help out he will gladly
once again try to kill Batman this is
the Journal of dr. Thomas Elliot my work
is complete hush is a psychopath you
might have met in batman arkham city he
has killed many people and used their
skin to make himself look like Bruce
Wayne but you look just like Bruce Wayne
it took time of course to find the
perfect donors to graft on the flesh and
finally to lose myself in order to
create this now that would make an
awesome character to actually be in that
Arkham Knight suit hush transformed into
Bruce Wayne and also wearing Batman
armor with guns before this night is
through that fire will consume you which
villains do you want to see an arkham
knight let us know and remember a storm
is coming mr. Wayne